
# GetSystemSummaryResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**systemId** | **kotlin.Int** | Unique numeric ID of the system. |  [optional]
**currentPower** | **kotlin.Int** | Current power production of the system in Watts. |  [optional]
**energyLifetime** | **kotlin.Int** | Energy generated by the system during its lifetime in Wh. |  [optional]
**energyToday** | **kotlin.Int** | Energy generated by the system today in Wh. |  [optional]
**lastIntervalEndAt** | **kotlin.Long** | Last known time that the system produced energy. When a system has not been communicating for a length of time, the last_report_at can be recent, whereas the last_interval_end_at may be further back. |  [optional]
**lastReportAt** | **kotlin.Long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s Envoy last submitted a report. |  [optional]
**modules** | **kotlin.Int** | Total number of modules in the system. |  [optional]
**operationalAt** | **kotlin.Long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which this system became operational. Corresponds to the system&#39;s interconnect time, if one is specified. Otherwise, it is the system&#39;s first reported interval end time. |  [optional]
**sizeW** | **kotlin.Int** | System size in watts. |  [optional]
**source** | **kotlin.String** | Source of energy measurement. |  [optional]
**status** | [**SystemStatusEnum**](SystemStatusEnum.md) |  |  [optional]
**summaryDate** | [**java.time.LocalDate**](java.time.LocalDate.md) | Summary date. |  [optional]



