
# SystemDetails

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**systemId** | **kotlin.Int** | Unique numeric ID of the system. | 
**name** | **kotlin.String** | Name of the system. |  [optional]
**publicName** | **kotlin.String** | Name displayed on the public system page. Available values are All, Residential System, Commercial etc. Default&#x3D;&#39;Residential System&#39;. Only for systems that allow public access. |  [optional]
**timezone** | **kotlin.String** | Timezone to which the system belongs. |  [optional]
**address** | [**SystemDetailsAddress**](SystemDetailsAddress.md) |  |  [optional]
**connectionType** | [**SystemConnectionTypeEnum**](SystemConnectionTypeEnum.md) |  |  [optional]
**energyLifetime** | **kotlin.Int** | Energy generated by the system during its lifetime in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. |  [optional]
**energyToday** | **kotlin.Int** | Energy generated by the system today in Wh. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. |  [optional]
**systemSize** | **kotlin.Int** | Size of the system. It is returned only if the count is less than or equal to 100. |  [optional]
**status** | [**SystemStatusEnum**](SystemStatusEnum.md) |  |  [optional]
**lastReportAt** | **kotlin.Long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s Envoy last submitted a report. |  [optional]
**lastEnergyAt** | **kotlin.Long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which the system&#39;s produced energy was last reported. Even if the last produced energy is 0, its timestamp will be returned. |  [optional]
**operationalAt** | **kotlin.Long** | Timestamp (in epoch format) at which this system became operational. Corresponds to the system&#39;s interconnect time, if one is specified. Otherwise, it is the system&#39;s first reported interval end time. |  [optional]
**attachmentType** | [**SystemAttachmentTypeEnum**](SystemAttachmentTypeEnum.md) |  |  [optional]
**interconnectDate** | [**java.time.LocalDate**](java.time.LocalDate.md) | Date on which the system was approved to connect to the grid. |  [optional]
**reference** | **kotlin.String** | If the calling user belongs to a company and that company has provided its own identifier for a system, that ID is included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. |  [optional]
**otherReferences** | **kotlin.collections.List&lt;kotlin.String&gt;** | If any other companies have provided their own identifiers for a system, those identifiers are included here. Otherwise, this attribute is not returned. |  [optional]



